README.md, before:

# Almost Surely

Almost Surely is a long-term project focused on understanding and implementing statistical concepts.  
The primary objective is to understand and implement statistical concepts. Secondary objectives include explaining and creating reusable teaching and coding assets.

This repository is designed as a learning system. Almost Surely is meant to grow slowly, with emphasis on quality and understanding.

## Approach

Every topic in this project follows a three-layer flow:

Concept Layer  →  Implementation Layer  →  Presentation Layer

This GitHub repository itself is part of the presentation layer. As time and energy permit, each implementation will be linked to a corresponding explanatory video.

Understanding is a function of time.
Therefore, this repository intentionally maintains a record of:

- mistakes identified later,
- notes on what can be improved, etc.

The programming language used will be limited to Python.

## Repository Structure
```bash
Almost-Surely/
│
├── README.md
│
├── topics/
    ├── consistency/
        ├── theory.md          
        ├── bic_consistency.py 
        ├── sample_mean_consistency.py
    ├── imputation_methods/
        ├── theory.md          
        ├── imputation_methods.py 
```
## How to Execute the Code Locally?
1. Clone the repository
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Bharat-Jambhulkar/Almost-Surely.git
2. Navigate to the required topic
   ```bash
   cd Almost-Surely/topics/consistency
3. Run the Python script
   ```bash
   python bic_consistency.py

## Changelog
```bash

| Date       | Topic                       | 
|------------|-----------------------------|
| 2026-01-28 | Central Limit Theorem       |
| 2026-01-26 | Convergence in Probability  |
| 2026-01-22 | Imputation Methods          |
| 2026-01-19 | BIC Consistency             |

```

Commit message:

Add REFLECTIONS.md and update README with reflections info
Created a new REFLECTIONS.md file to document project reflections and rationale for a book-like, structured approach. Updated README.md to mention the addition of the reflections file.

README.md, after:

# Almost Surely

Almost Surely is a long-term project focused on understanding and implementing statistical concepts.  
The primary objective is to understand and implement statistical concepts. Secondary objectives include explaining and creating reusable teaching and coding assets.

This repository is designed as a learning system. Almost Surely is meant to grow slowly, with emphasis on quality and understanding.

## Approach

Every topic in this project follows a three-layer flow:

Concept Layer  →  Implementation Layer  →  Presentation Layer

This GitHub repository itself is part of the presentation layer. As time and energy permit, each implementation will be linked to a corresponding explanatory video.

Understanding is a function of time.
Therefore, this repository intentionally maintains a record of:

- mistakes identified later,
- notes on what can be improved, etc.

For this purpose, a REFLECTIONS.md file has been created.

The programming language used will be limited to Python.

## Repository Structure
```bash
Almost-Surely/
│
├── README.md
│
├── topics/
    ├── consistency/
        ├── theory.md          
        ├── bic_consistency.py 
        ├── sample_mean_consistency.py
    ├── imputation_methods/
        ├── theory.md          
        ├── imputation_methods.py 
```
## How to Execute the Code Locally?
1. Clone the repository
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Bharat-Jambhulkar/Almost-Surely.git
2. Navigate to the required topic
   ```bash
   cd Almost-Surely/topics/consistency
3. Run the Python script
   ```bash
   python bic_consistency.py

## Changelog
```bash

| Date       | Topic                       | 
|------------|-----------------------------|
| 2026-01-28 | Central Limit Theorem       |
| 2026-01-26 | Convergence in Probability  |
| 2026-01-22 | Imputation Methods          |
| 2026-01-19 | BIC Consistency             |

```
